0.  Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis is, according to Oxford Dictionaries,
    “a long word said to mean a lung disease caused by inhaling very fine ash and sand dust.”
1.  getrusage()  returns  resource usage measures for who, which can be one
       of the following:

       RUSAGE_SELF
              Return resource usage statistics for the calling process,  which
              is the sum of resources used by all threads in the process.

       RUSAGE_CHILDREN
              Return resource usage statistics for all children of the calling
              process that have terminated and been waited for.  These statis-
              tics  will include the resources used by grandchildren, and fur-
              ther removed descendants, if all of the intervening  descendants
              waited on their terminated children.
2.  16
3.  To pass the whole structure with one argument.
4.  If two arguments were passed, the second argument was the textfile and the string text is set to that,
    otherwise the first argument was the name of the textfile and the string text is set to that.
    The textfile is opened as a read-only stream fp. We read a character from the stream
    until we hit an non-alpha character and assume that we have a complete word. Then we spell check the word
    before we move on to the next word. 
5.  It's more flexible because the word doesn't have to adhere to the format specifier.
6.  The const keyword, when used correctly, is usually a hint to the compiler that some variable won't get changed
    inside some scope, allowing the compiler to relax restrictions on certain types of optimizations and code scheduling
    which could produce hazards or aliasing errors if that variable actually was somehow to be modified. 
7.  I used a TRIE with an array of 27 children pointers and an 'end-of-word' boolean in a structure.
8.  It was in the neighborhood of 0.2 seconds for load and about the same for unload.
    (Although the very first try is always a bit longer, I assume the processor caches instructions.)
    I then started optimizing loops and boolean checks, which brought down the execution time tremendously.
    In the end, i'm still astonished that all this can happen in roughly 1/10 of a second.
9.  Getting all the logic absolutely correct and optimize the code.
10. No, but I think in a better IDE environment (for example XCode),
    I would've been able to better track vars and pointers and optimize better.
    I see a leak of 112 bytes, but can't find it in my code.
